README.md, before:

# Global Game Jam 2026 - 👻 Ghost in the Flux Team

https://globalgamejam.org/

> Running ?

* 2D ?
* 3D ?

> Stack

* Godot Legacy ?
* Godot JS V8 ?
* Godot JS quickJS ?

## 🚧 TODO

### 🗂️ Architecture
- [ ] Find a good game directory structure / Godot Templates

### 🎮 Gameplay
- [x] 3D scene with player
- [x] Add many 3D enemies
- [x] Basic player controller (movement, camera, attack)
- [x] Gamepad controller
- [ ] Mobile controller
- [ ] Allow to kill enemies
- [ ] Enemy AI prototype

### 🖥️ UI / UX
- [ ] 2D scenes for:
  - [ ] Menu
  - [ ] Single player
  - [ ] Multiplayers
  - [ ] Credits
  - [ ] Options
    - [ ] Keyboard settings
    - [ ] Gamepad settings
    - [ ] Audio settings
    - [ ] Video settings
- [ ] HUD : Display energy, kills...

### 🔊 Sound
- [ ] Music Menu
- [ ] Music Jeu
- [ ] Bruitages player
- [ ] Bruitage enemies

### 📦 Export
- [x] HTML (Web)
- [ ] Linux
- [ ] macOS
- [ ] Windows ?

### 🚀 Deployment
- [ ] Publish on VPS
- [ ] Publish on itch.io https://itch.io/

### 🌐 Multiplayer
- [ ] Test multiplayer prototype
- [ ] Sync player movement
- [ ] Basic lobby system

### 🧪 Debug & Tools
- [ ] Test debug addons
- [ ] FPS monitor
- [ ] Logs & profiling
- [ ] Addons a tester : Panku console, Phantom Camera, Beehave AI

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Godot 4.x
- GDScript / GodotTS
- Git

Commit message:

Clarify tasks and add animations section in README
Updated the README to clarify the 'Allow to kill enemies' task and added a section for animations.

README.md, after:

# Global Game Jam 2026 - 👻 Ghost in the Flux Team

https://globalgamejam.org/

> Running ?

* 2D ?
* 3D ?

> Stack

* Godot Legacy ?
* Godot JS V8 ?
* Godot JS quickJS ?

## 🚧 TODO

### 🗂️ Architecture
- [ ] Find a good game directory structure / Godot Templates

### 🎮 Gameplay
- [x] 3D scene with player
- [x] Add many 3D enemies
- [x] Basic player controller (movement, camera, attack)
- [x] Gamepad controller
- [ ] Mobile controller
- [ ] Allow to kill enemies -> buller or contact
- [ ] Enemy AI prototype

### 🎮 Animations
- [ ] Player
- [ ] Enemy
- [ ] Particules

### 🖥️ UI / UX
- [ ] 2D scenes for:
  - [ ] Menu
  - [ ] Single player
  - [ ] Multiplayers
  - [ ] Credits
  - [ ] Options
    - [ ] Keyboard settings
    - [ ] Gamepad settings
    - [ ] Audio settings
    - [ ] Video settings
- [ ] HUD : Display energy, kills...

### 🔊 Sound
- [ ] Music Menu
- [ ] Music Jeu
- [ ] Bruitages player
- [ ] Bruitage enemies

### 📦 Export
- [x] HTML (Web)
- [ ] Linux
- [ ] macOS
- [ ] Windows ?

### 🚀 Deployment
- [ ] Publish on VPS
- [ ] Publish on itch.io https://itch.io/

### 🌐 Multiplayer
- [ ] Test multiplayer prototype
- [ ] Sync player movement
- [ ] Basic lobby system

### 🧪 Debug & Tools
- [ ] Test debug addons
- [ ] FPS monitor
- [ ] Logs & profiling
- [ ] Addons a tester : Panku console, Phantom Camera, Beehave AI

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- Godot 4.x
- GDScript / GodotTS
- Git
